Add initial DepthAI driver setup (#21)
AGH-CEAI/aegis_ros: aegis_description/CHANGELOG.md

### Added

* [PR-7](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/aegis_ros/pull/7) - Initial version of the Aegis ROS 2 packages.

> * [PR-8](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/aegis_ros/pull/8) - The cell and the OAK-D Pro camera to the robot model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [PR-8](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/aegis_ros/pull/8) - Added the cell and the OAK-D Pro scene camera to the robot model.
```

### Fixed

> * [PR-21](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/aegis_ros/pull/21) - The OAK-D Pro camera model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [PR-21](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/aegis_ros/pull/21) - Switched the OAK-D Pro camera description to the official Luxonis repository.
```
